added hivemq cloud documentation (#17727)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/mqtt/broker.markdown

  certificate: /home/paulus/downloads/mosquitto.org.crt
```

### HiveMQ Cloud

> HiveMQ Cloud is a fully managed MQTT broker that provides you a private broker. A free plan for up to 100 devices is available. You can see our different plan options here: https://www.hivemq.com/mqtt-cloud-broker/

Reviewer: Don't use bare URLs.

Additionally: "You can see our different plan options here"

"our"? Are you affiliated with HiveMQ?

Author: Sorry that was a copy-paste error. Bare link has been fixed.

  certificate: /home/paulus/downloads/mosquitto.org.crt
```

### HiveMQ Cloud

> HiveMQ Cloud is a fully managed MQTT broker that provides you a private broker. A free plan for up to 100 devices is available.

Reviewer: Let's make sure we link to the page that makes that clear and also shows the limitation the account brings.

Additionally, we don't recommend using the cloud. We should make sure it is clear that we strongly recommend using a local broker.

> Home Assistant is not affiliated with HiveMQ Cloud nor will receive any kickbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home Assistant is not affiliated with HiveMQ Cloud and does not receive any kickbacks.
```

> 1. [Create an account](http://console.hivemq.cloud) <links to signup>

Reviewer: `<links to signup>` will be hidden as HTML on the resulting page.
```suggestion
1. [Create an account](http://console.hivemq.cloud). <links to signup>
```

> 2. With your signup you will receive automatically the free plan that allows you to connect up to 100 devices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. With your signup you will receive automatically the free plan that allows you to connect up to 100 devices.
```

> 3. Create MQTT credentials in the Access Management tab of your Cluster Detail View you can use to connect Home Assistant and any MQTT device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create MQTT credentials in the "Access Management" tab of your "Cluster Detail View" you can use to connect Home Assistant and any MQTT device.
```

>    ![image2](../../images/mqtt/image2.png)

Reviewer: I don't think we need to add a graphic for this.

> 4. Download the trusted certificate from let’s encrypt to ensure secure communication between Home Assistant and your HiveMQ Cloud cluster. <link: https://letsencrypt.org/certs/trustid-x3-root.pem >

Reviewer: Please do not use bare links.

For my own learning: Do we really need to add the default trusted cert for Let's Encrypt? That thing is already available on the systems, right? Doesn't it pick it up?

Author: Yes, I think we do need this certificate, as HiveMQ Cloud uses TLS.

Author: At least in our tests it didn't work without this certificate. We tested on with Docker on Mac.

> 5. Copy the broker info to your configuration.yaml. You can find the Broker Hostname in the Cluster Overview. Use the credentials you just created as username and password and the path from the downloaded certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Copy the broker info to your `configuration.yaml`. You can find the "Broker Hostname" in the "Cluster Overview". Use the credentials you just created as username and password and the path from the downloaded certificate:
```

Besides, we should aim for setting up via the UI, not via modifying YAML files.

>    ![image3](../../images/mqtt/image3.png)

Reviewer: This image is useful, please add a description to it (instead of `image3`), and use a path relative from the root folder and not relative to this file.

Author: What exactly do you mean by this? We are used to writing a path like this.

Reviewer: Unresolved this comment, as it was not resolved.

Please add a description as requested and use a full path relatively from the root web folder.

Author: Do you mean a link like this? https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/source/images/mqtt/image3.png

```yaml

> mqtt:
>   broker: HIVEMQ_BROKER_HOSTNAME
>   port: 8883
>   username: MQTT_USERNAME
>   password: MQTT_PASSWORD
>   certificate: PATH_TO_STORED_CERTIFICATE

Reviewer: I rather see instructions for the UI, but if this is really needed, then it should be adjusted to our latest YAML standards (in this case: adding some default best practice quoting).

```suggestion
mqtt:
  broker: "HIVEMQ_BROKER_HOSTNAME"
  port: 8883
  username: "MQTT_USERNAME"
  password: "MQTT_PASSWORD"
  certificate: PATH_TO_STORED_CERTIFICATE
```

```
6. Your HiveMQ Cloud will appear as MQTT Integration in Home Assistant

>    ![image1](../../images/mqtt/image1.png)

Reviewer: This does not need an image.
